Illuminati cloning *** HOAX *** - explained worldwide first
You live in a simulated reality, staged by the secret society Ordo Illuminatus (illuminati).

In politics and media the simulation reaches 100%:
- all members of all EU "parliaments" or from the US Congress and Senate fulfill orders dictated by Grand Master Alexander Adolf Hitler, grandnephew of the "Fuehrer".
- media stories are the result of a script, except for local news and (almost all) natural catastrophes.

Shortly before being transported to the extermination camps (1), illuminati still stage theater acts on an everyday basis to
- further general and specific agendas;
- mock the audience;
- destroy logical reasoning, starting with having people accept that two different people are the same (useful for another illuminati classic, using impersonators, mostly used to replace murdered enemies).
- discredit those exposing it, because it's seemingly too far fetched.

Why illuminati try so hard to convince you about "cloned celebrities" and other human-animal hybrids, etc
Part of mocking the audience is having them repeat "black is white", while denying what they can see with their own eyes.

No matter what they can see with their own eyes, human cattle will not admit the obvious: no clones, just a different actor impersonating a known identity.

Having the human cattle, especially children, repeat "illuminati really can make clones and hybrids" not only helps in destroying logical reasoning but also fulfills having the beasts repeat "black is white" at the same time selling a mockery of the truth, that illuminati have advanced technology beyond what is known (time travel, Nephilim, UFOs, and other garbage meant to divert you).

Illuminati jokes about "clones"
It appears the cloning hoax is a Top 5 subject for the illuminati's web of disinformation, based on the quantity and intensity of "news" propagated by Alex Jones, David Icke, Rense & Co.

One example of the illuminati telling the truth in plain sight, while adding a dose of disinformation:
June 21, 2016 - Gucci Mane Addressed A Conspiracy Theory That He Is A Government Clone
"I will neither support nor deny those accusations."

Here the illuminati openly tell the beasts the truth, packaged as a joke, at the same time as selling the propaganda that illuminati have unlimited magical powers to create clones or whatever else will keep the audience wasting their time.

[COLOR="Red"]Here's what the cloning HOAX is covering-up and diverting from:[/COLOR]

Identities are named roles in the cast of the real "Truman show".
Almost everyone in the headlines are identities.
If there's a visual version then it's presented by using one or more actors (already playing other identities or not, using their real name or not) and/or virtual imagery.
In other words: each identity is represented from faces in the range from zero to several different ones.

Illuminati impersonations go beyond the classic type
1. One actor can play several identities, each one partly or totally and on the other hand one identity can be played by several actors.
Two identities played by only one and the same person, the classic type of impersonation, is only one of the possible types, as implied in the defintion of identities in the real "Truman show":

2. Some identities are created to suggest other identities, already on stage or not.
This subliminal type was introduced by the illuminati.

Illuminati impersonations - formal definition
"X associated to Y" generalizes two relationships to (one of) the visual representation(s) of identity Y, either actor or imagery:
1. "actor X plays Y", more precisely: (one of the) actor(s) playing X also plays Y.
Example:
Politician Obama and Osama, the ultimate milestone for this type of association.
More: Politician Biden and guitarist Jimmy Page; politician Janet Napolitano and actor Paul Giamatti; economists Ben Shalom Bernanke and Paul Krugman; pop stars Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse.

2. "X suggests Y", more precisely: (one of) the visual representation(s) of identity X suggests Y.
Examples:
"Shooters" Loughner and Breivik, both stepped on stage as virtual images.
Loughner suggests Glen Beck; Breivik suggests first [himself mixed with] psy-op Assange and shortly after a very special Norwegian policeman, in fact so special that it set a milestone for this type of association.

Note
(1) Ever since 2000, virtually EVERY, mall, stadium, large school, Wal-Mart and Home Depot (among others) designed as extermination camp.